Hello, everyone.
Welcome to the studio.
And now we have already understood what the studio here means.
It's two dimensionally.
That means.
When we figured out the state of this problem, like a particular age for the recursion.
Then we will see that the state contains two independent.
And that those two variables of the states would basically be the two DDP Basically you can imagine
it as Ferraro we have a column eight or what's the best way to think about it is not the cable way about
linking of state this thing that they listed, which is x comma lines dependent on some other state,
which is extracts from a y dish and some other state x double dash comma.
Every state will have not two very variables instead of one variable as we Biden under the.
Oh, yeah.
Let's see this.
So the first problem that I've taken here is all upset.
Some problem?
No, it is one of my favorite problem to start with on the PDP approach and initially some very simple
problems and in the end will take some very hard problem.
Let's see, what does this problem say?
The substitution problem is that a given, a sum and an area of non-negative numbers, your domain if
subset of error exist, it's some equals of a value.
So eight.
So basically.
We have this area and we have this some value.
Are you able to tell me that?
Okay.
Supposedly told me how many such subsets are possible of this area.
But this area is Linda's favorite.
And how many subsets are possible to do this to the.
Eight, including antiseptic 0224 290 245.
All these are subsets of the genetic data.
Don't.
Don't ever confuse somebody with.
So of course you can easily see that there might be a subset with some equally well.
But.
Yeah, but the air is small, right?
If the air is small and you can easily see that there might be something.
But just imagine if the area was big.
What is the brute force solution that you all can code here?
A brute force.
Brute force.
We do indeed all subsets of this area by using masking, by using brute manipulation, or even using
recursion that you've already seen.
Then it all subsets and figured out whether the well what not.
That's a brute force agent and it also upsets it all is absurd sexism and anti individuality for all
them, whether there's some magical spell or whatnot.
But.
Are not here doing the brute force and brute force would dig to restore the power in complexity, which
is huge.
But here, we'll solve it in a much better complexity and we'll see how.
But what I want you to do.
I want you to think of a state and, like, basically go my way.
And what is a state that we can have it?
What we have is we have some and we have an attic.
So can I see the state as a good ethics come away equals that?
Tell me.
But.
Some.
I basically advised them to tell me whether somebody's equal.
Somebody is.
I can be.
Then be formed.
By using.
From X2.
And basically the subject of the.
So here the state is very simple.
There are some advice that can be derived using array which is some suffix from.
So here x is an index.
X is an index varies by is.
Look, just think about it.
That index can be zero one, two, three or four.
Right.
And what we are seeing is whether a particular sum it need not necessarily be some it is some value.
And we just have to find out whether that Y values are possible from that particular at a they will
be passing is it can be as of right.
So let's think about it.
Yeah.
In Italy, let's say X is equal to zero and Y equals.
Well.
What does this mean?
X equals two zero in y.
I you.
Zero wide.
Well, means it means that now initially I have the whole area.
Initially I have the whole area and I write down one index fund.
That means on index zero.
That means I have the whole area and I was some of the domain.
Tell me, what are the options for the element on index?
You know, what all options are there for this element to contribute in the sum?
Just think about it just because we didn't think about it.
If I have an element on.
Which is.
At a zero, which is this to what all options model involves can contribute to this in making of this
in only two ways, right?
Because we want a subset.
So there's only two ways for this to be in a subset and there it will be in the subset.
Ordered will not be in this.
Very simple.
That means there are only two options for this particular value to write, which is this at a zero that
whether it will be in the sum or it will not be in the sum.
But.
Basically if it will be in the sum.
Basically if I included in the sum.
And the second is if I excluded.
Eight.
If I include two in this sum, that means.
That means I'm including that doing this upset.
Eight.
So if I'm including two in this subset, what should be my new state?
Think about it.
And if I'm not including the two in my subset, then what should we want?
Right now, I'm one in zero.
I have this whole area and I want I want to say that.
Okay.
Now include the is upset this upset that I'm trying to make contains to the root contains two.
Then what is the new value of sum that we want to make new value of?
Somebody uses two and it is well minus two is ten.
Right.
That means I'm including two.
That means.
Now.
Now, I have to figure out the other part of this upset with this sum equals to ten.
Because I'm including two, it's eliminated.
Good e.
Exclude AIDS you.
And now what is the remaining area from which I want to make this something?
It is starting from index one doing.
Yeah, but this second.
Yeah.
It's it's a what is the.
Akin.
Part of it, which is the exclusion part of it.
If I'm excluding from this upset that I'm trying to make, if I if I'm not taking two into my subset,
then what is the value of my sum?
My value of somebody means same.
It is well because I'm not taking during my sum and I'm asking okay from the remaining at it, but I
do make 12 if you you're able to make 12 from the remaining three and I'm not using to not use it,
but if any one of them returns me through that, okay.
From the array one to end I'm I was possible to make ten or from 11 doing I was able to make 12.
That means under ten.
True.
If any one of them is true, I'll return two.
So basically this is this or this.
Similarly.
Yeah.
Why does everyone get to hear who?
Seven for five.
19.
Now again, again, we have two options, including one I exclude, even if that means is in this as
a problem from this remaining area, not right to disarm.
And if we are possible to make, then in return me to otherwise return me false.
If I want to include even even a seven rate, that means now from security index I'm including seven.
That means up from ten.
I'll simply subtract seven.
And it will give me at eight and.
Finally, if I am excluding you, then that means I'm not including it when excluding even then it's
very simple again.
And I have to make some ten from the remaining activities, which is what I'm doing.
Yeah.
Similarly for this it will be included.
Included exclude aid and finally will reach the end.
So do you want me do it?
What I can do is I can use.
Actually, you know what will happen if I try to extend further down?
It will be a very big a huge minority.
That means.
This is true.
Then there will be food and then they will be 16 and it will be central.
Of course you can try ideas, but I hope you have understood the major point that any element has to
option to read or exclude.
And I am talking about a particularity always to it.
So this should be very clear.
It is ethics going away whether somebody can be formed by using at A from x and basically the suffix
of the added the remaining eight and.
Okay.
Let me quickly.
Yeah.
So we have this epic scam of late.
So what is the recursive solution that I'm trying to make here?
Ethics come my way include the x element, not the x element.
But it is if I'm including the x element and the remaining answer, which is from x plus one to end.
And this.
But because okay.
So I'm including it.
Let me be.
If I'm including it, then this becomes X minus x.
Well whatever the value x foot.
What's the second part?
If I'm not including it, that means I'm excluding it.
Exclude.
It is simple.
Express one because everyone wanted to do some military.
And what will happen consecutively, x will increase or Y will decrease.
And really we reach the end of the.
Any rate.
When we reach the end of their reign will simply say one thing.
If X is goes to end, that means we have reached the out of the edit all the we have, we started from
zero.
We are going in minus one right now.
I'm just making the base case eight.
So if I have reached the end of the array, that means every sum.
I'm out of that.
I don't know any number, but if vies equals two VIDA equals two zero, that means if X is not there
revised white x has used in.
I'm an amputee and y is equal to zero.
Then it will return.
True because I can make sum of zero from new element.
This can be a base case.
Oh yeah.
There's a second way of thinking about it, so it totally depends on the state that we are taking.
What I said initially help me.
Whether some can be formed using any X to invade basically the suffix of the area.
What if I take the prefix of the area?
The answer will remain the same.
Right?
Let me show you.
Instead of suffix it to be meddlesome.
It's possible from some prefix of delivery.
Eight.
Now.
Now it means.
Jump on the last element and I'm saying whether the this will be possible from two 719 but I know 19
has to option whether it will come into somewhat it will not come in.
So let me quickly from there, because evolution has been right now my exco, my body.
I'm lizard.
If you want me to define it or let me.
Yeah.
So this is the difference between top down and bottom up.
But you don't have to worry about it.
Both of them should be clear to you.
It affects ways that somebody can be formed by using the prefix of it to not it is.
This kind.
Late, but not this time.
You are.
I know my state is a victim of I.
And initially.
What?
What's happening?
We are starting in Italy.
What's the.
What will be the final answer?
When?
Okay.
Sorry, it's ex.
Yeah.
If I have the prefix of the area and I have a.
But my vitamin grater initiative, I will be equal to the sum that is given to me.
And what will be x equals to be equal to n minus one means I'm on the last of the three.
Again, I have two options here.
What are the two option?
Include the x minus one element or not?
Right now I'm moving backwards.
Ideally I was moving moving forward.
So utilizes that both of them are equally important because we'll be calling both the bottom approach
and I've done a.
Easy.
These are my optimizations.
So here we have.
Yeah.
So if X minus one element is included, then it's very simple.
Tell me if the same is possible with some.
It is of.
X.
Eight, which is and minus one for now.
And then we did something impossible from the previous, but effects are not eight.
And if I exclude it, then simple.
It will be common way.
So you can see is just one difference that here I had x plus one, here I had explicit one, but now
I have x minus one and explaining it just a way of taking it.
You are taking the prefix area or this affix and then really what happens is you can call it recursively
by using recursion or you can even call it by using Babel.
Well, firstly, I'll just call it using recursion and.
Then we'll try to memorize it and understand it by Vidal's memory.
But I know also you can see one thing that it said to Richard about in solution eight.
You're dividing the two bastards, dividing into two parts.
They're dividing apart seats, always into two intertwined to do basically to restore the power and
find a solution.
Until I reach the base cases.
That means I reach the end endings, but will realize one thing here that of course the total number
of states are due to the power in which there will be a certain limit.
I mean, there will be a duplication in these states.
Basically, there are some overlapping problems.
There will be some overlapping problems in memory as it in it, and we'll see.
But okay.
So before moving on to the code, let's discuss this that how many distinct states are possible for
these particular epics going away.
So here what's happening is can go from zero two and minus one eight.
That's the land of the.
And what is the land of Dubai?
I can go from.
Zero to some particular value, which is some the how many distinct combinations of X and Y are possible
x into Y, right?
So what is Exxon and what will?
So how many testing students will be there?
They will be willing, but nobody is there.
The three is expanding down to two.
Race to the power in what is setting.
Distinct states that X in Dubai only.
Right.
Basically it's.
If India and India.
And Anderson, so let's see if anything close to ten and some is equal to 50.
Right.
So if I think of it that way that I'm just writing a brute force and I'm not memorizing it, then how
many states are there?
There are two ways to divide in state it, which is going down.
That means there will be ten 1024 difference.
Eight.
But if I'm including some and if I want to find out how many distinct values of and in some will be
there.
So we know some is always decreasing and is also decreasing in our in this case.
And what we can do is we can simply say that there will be at most ten and do 50 different combinations
of VB states.
That is nothing but 500, which is far less than 1000.
Well, here you realize one thing that.
Out of these 1024, we can have at at most, 500 unique states.
That means other 524 states are duplicate states which have already been aggregated.
So there will be these many duplicate.
Well.
So let's in the next problem, we just call it and we will try to analyze it and then we'll also take
over dinner table approach like by making a table because we want to see some optimized.
Well, thank you.